add new getting started flow (#1986)
urbit/urbit.org: content/getting-started/interfaces.md

+++
title = "Interfaces"
weight = 4
description = "Ways to interact with Urbit"
tag = "around"
+++

Urbit ships by default with [Landscape](https://tlon.io/landscape), a web-based interface for managing your ship and the software installed on it, and launching other web-based applications.  However, there are many ways to interact with your Urbit.

> There's [EScape](https://urbit.org/applications/~fabnev-hinmur/escape), a fork of Landscape that is usable as a mobile application.  [Scene](https://tirrel.io/scene/index.html) offers a desktop window manager for your Urbit as a native application.  And finally the forth-coming [Realm](https://www.holium.com/) offers a more developed window manager with integrated audio chat and crypto wallet functionality. And then of course there is [Dojo](https://developers.urbit.org/overview/dojo), Urbit's command line interface.

Author: ```suggestion
There's [EScape](https://urbit.org/applications/~fabnev-hinmur/escape), a fork of Groups that is also has an accompanying mobile application.  [Scene](https://tirrel.io/scene/index.html) and the (soon to be released) [Realm](https://www.holium.com/) offer native desktop window managers for your urbit. Lastly, there's the [Dojo](https://developers.urbit.org/overview/dojo) CLI interface for developers
```

> At the time of this writing, Landscape in the web browser offers the most stable user experience.  However, we expect a variety of Urbit interfaces to gain traction, and encourage you to explore the [Ecosystem](https://urbit.org/ecosystem) and find the Urbit experience that suits your needs.

Author: Remove
